# CS-330-Computer-Graphics-and-Visualization
## 1.	How do I approach designing software?
I start with an iterative approach of trying to understand the need of the software, look for ways it has been done, develop ways that I can do it, and check to see if it fulfills the requirement. 
###    -What new design skills has your work on the project helped you to craft?
One strong thing that is reinforced in this class and on the project is the successive building of the application. Whether finding and implementing an existing solution or creating a uniquely new approach, they must build on what is there and be there to be built upon until the full application is complete.
###    -What design process did you follow for your project work?
I try to plan what I am going to do. Test out on paper algorithms or sequences. Then, implement them in small succession frequently saving and testing my progress. 
###    -How could tactics from your design approach be applied in future work?
With fine tuning and corrective adaptation, like the kind from experience, I think my tactics work well in the Agile/Scrum development method.
## 2.	How do I approach developing programs?
To date my approach to developing programs has been task focused. The tasks have been typically assignments in both work and school. More distantly, I have had specific supportive goals of programs, specifically to assist me in trouble shooting electronic hardware, and I would even say these were task based as well. Although, I would not call the trouble-shooting software aids actual programs in an application sense.
###    -What new development strategies did you use while working on your 3D scene?
I can’t say any “new,” per say, development strategies were found this class. I did get to practice several pre-existing ones though. Writing existing code snippets, get them to work and modify them to verify I understand them. Ask for help, read reference material, and verify my, non-conforming, code against reference code used for instructive and alliterative purposes. I can say I used a new tool this class and it was instrumental in helping me find some typo errors I kept missing when review the code and comparing it with reference code, WinMerge. This is a file comparison tool, there are several, and it helped me contrast two different files that were suppose to match. 
 ###   -How did iteration factor into your development?
Constant iterative progress attempts were a key factor in my development. It helped to reveal failing approaches and solutions quicker with less changes in the code to review and correct.
###    -How has your approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones, which led you to the project’s completion?
I have become more aware of the need to develop modular, abstract, encapsulated code that can be reused. By the time I go to the end of this class, it was apparent that I should have been working on this all along. Since I did not do this my code is more difficult to follow than it should be. It is also more difficult to maintain, where it seems changes have to much potential for unintended consequences in areas not seeming to be the area of the change. 
## 3.	How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computer science is part of my intended “practice.” I intend to provide solutions to companies and their clients involving electronic and computing technology.
 ###   -How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future educational pathway?
Interactively visualizing data or creating interactive 2D or 3D scenes are a major way information is shown to users of systems. Additionally, HMI or Human Machine Interfaces often employ graphics and visualizations to present information and solicit input from system users. The machines can be their desktop, and networked web-application, or an embedded controller system.
 ###   -How do computational graphics and visualizations give you new knowledge and skills that can be applied in your future professional pathway?
Computational graphics and visualizations gave me more experience working with API’s and Frameworks. This course introduced code development on two different machines or platforms, GPU and Desktop CPU, that had to work together to accomplish presenting data on the monitor and receiving input from the mouse and keyboard. Additionally, the data used to create these images had to be put in a structural order, this does not mean a program data structure, to be useful to the system. For instance, it is useful to develop your vertices, or at least and index of them, in a properly aligned order to properly calculate orthonormal vertices pointing in the right direction. These examples and more are a valuable asset proceeding forward professionally.
